Insurance Docs (#154)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/dispensary/prescriptions.md

![Hide columns](/docs/dispensary/images/prescription_columns_step_3.png)

If some columns are hidden, you can click `Show all` to show all of the columns again.

> ## Using Insurance During Payment

Reviewer: I think this section should just be called `Payment`
And we can add insurance as a section underneath.

let me know i fyou want me to just do this for you?

Author: Applied my understanding of the review. Please see changes here: https://github.com/msupply-foundation/msupply_docs/pull/154/commits/1ac2576957bfd7bb0637ddef304accb677bdade7

> If there are available insurances for your patients, you can indicate that the payment was partially covered by insurance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are available insurances policies for your patients, you can indicate that the payment was partially covered by insurance.
```

> 1. If there are available items for the prescription, click the `Confirm Verified` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once you're finished entering the items for the Prescription, click the `Confirm Verified` button.
```

   ![Insurance Confirm Verified](/docs/dispensary/images/insurance_confirm_verified.png)

> 2. A new window will appear for you to enter the payment details for the patient's prescription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If there is a non-zero sell price for the items in the prescription, A new window will appear for you to enter the payment details for the patient's prescription.
```

Reviewer: This probably becomes step number 1 under payments

Once a prescription is cancelled, it will still show in the list of prescriptions, but with a status of `CANCELLED`.

![Example Canceled Prescription](/docs/dispensary/images/prescription-cancelled.png)

## Payment

1. Once you're finished entering the items for the Prescription, click the `Confirm Verified` button.

   ![Insurance Confirm Verified](/docs/dispensary/images/insurance_confirm_verified.png)

> 2. If there is a non-zero sell price for the items in the prescription, A new window will appear for you to enter the payment details for the patient's prescription.

Reviewer 2: Is there a way to configure my system to not show this payment modal?

Author: I think this is where global pref comes into play would that be correct for me to say @jmbrunskill

Reviewer 2: thanks - that's what I thought. I thought if a user was reading the docs that's something they would be interested to know.

   ![Insurance Payment Modal](/docs/dispensary/images/insurance_payment_modal.png)

> 3. Click the `Save` button once everything is done.

Author: Added a point for it
